# Vehicle Graphics

This was a more challenging aspect combining both computer graphics and simulation.
Here, you were take sample code from the book **[Starting Out with Python by Tony Gaddis](http://www.kalfaoglu.com/ceng113/Python-Programming/Starting%20Out%20with%20Python%5B4th%20Globa%20lED%5DTony%20Gaddis.pdf)**
From the code contained on Inheritance, you were to modify it to ensure the same information was retained on a canvas but a vehicle graphic drawn on the screen.
The original code to be modified can be found at **car_truck_suv_demo.py**

The details of the code and drawing were as follows:
It is a car inventory system consisting of
Cars 	SUV's 	Trucks

The code asks several details about the car e.g. Year of manufcuture, number of doors, etc.

There is also design of a class diagram from the book. 
> The image for this diagram can be found in this repository

There is a general Class of Vechicle with the three types of vehicles inheriting e.g. Cars, SUV's, Trucks

- For each of the cars, you were to draw it using code e.g. draw car, draw SUV and draw Truck while following these instructions:
1. The length of the vehicles should not be fixed. It should be generated by the equation `(a + u(b-a))` where:
 - a and b are arbitrarily chosen integers 
 - u is random number between 0 and 1 i.e. u(0,1)
3. Shapes can be same each time the code is run but sizes are different. 
4. The vehicle should be shaded using colors produced randomly using a number between 0 and 1 i.e., u(0,1)
5. Environment where the vehicle appears should have some flowers which should be random in colour. Flowers can be same size i.e. they do not need a randomized size.

- Use equation of generating random values (a + u(b-a))



